JavaScript MA03
----------------
Level 2


1. In your own words, describe what JavaScript Code Style is.

JavaScript Code Style is how you structure code so that it is easy and clear to read and maintain for you and others. A clear an consitent Code Style is important to reduce runtime errors, common mistakes and for readability. Good Code Style requires strict dicipline. 

Examples of problematic areas in code style can be:
- How you indent lines
- How you use brackets
- How you use comments
- How you use whitespace and line breaks
- How you name your variables, functions and so on 

2. What is a Regular Expression?

A regular expression is a pattern that can used on strings to check for presence of the pattern in the strings. 

3. What does the .random() method do?

The Math.random() method generates a random floating point number between 0 and 1.

4. What does the .sort() method do?

The Array.sort() method sorts an array and returns the sorted array as a new array. The default order is the Unicode point value (where the first, second and so on characters of the string is situated in the Unicode table).

5. What does the .reverse() method do?

The Array.reverse() method reverses the order of an array and returns the reversed array as a new array. 

6. List two examples of bad JavaScript code.

a. Global variables, because they are slower and can be overwritten by other scripts.
b. Double equals signs (==), because they only compare the value of variables instead of both value and type like the triple equal sign (===).

7. What data types can a JSON object contain?

Objects, Arrays, Strings, Numbers, Booleans and Null

8. What is minifying JavaScript Code?

Minifying is removing all unnecessary characters in a JavaScript file without loosing any functionality. This makes the file size minimal and makes the script faster to transfer and load.

9. What is a global variable?

A global variable is decleared in the global scope (outside of functions or on the window object) and is accessible from everywhere in the script. 

